What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Git places a .git subdirectory in the current directory
where it will store the commit history (commit ID, author,
date, message) and code for each commit. For the time being,
after initializing a new repository, nothing is stored in the
.git subdirectory, because there are no commits (even if
there were files in the directory that 'git init' was run).


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers? 

The staging area groups together the file or files that you want to commit. 
The working directory actually holds the current copies of the files.
The repository holds the commits, which has a copy of the file at the time
the commit was made.

The staging area is useful, because it allows us to choose what to commit,
then check it with 'git status' before actually finalizing it. Without the
staging area, we could accidentally make a commit we didn't want, or we would
be unable to commit multiple files at once (if the logical changes made sense
to include in one commit). The staging area gives us more choice.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Using the 'git diff' command, we can compare the files in the working directory,
and the staging area, so we can see which changes were made to the files
before we use 'git commit' to commit the changes.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized?
How would branches help?

Branches would help to keep history organized when trying to code two different
versions of the same project, such as a main version, and a version in a different
language. This would allow both versions to be created side-by-side without
affecting each other till a main merge is done (if you want both versions together).


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

It shows the commits in order, and by branches, which shows us the
parental structure of the commits. It is helpful to see where certain 
branches started, or separated from the master branch. 
The 'git log --graph --oneline <branch1> <branch2>' command is a great help 
in comparing two branches. The diagram isn't as needed, for me, with that command,
but I can see how quickly it could have become confusing if there were more than 
two branches to compare. The diagram of the two branches helped to solidify the 
use of branches before it became too complex (too many branches).


What is the result of merging two branches together? 
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The changes between the two branches, from when the original split happened
to the final commit on each branch, are combined into one file. The commits
from both branches are combined into one branch, and listed by time stamp,
so the commits won't necessarily follow their parent. 
We represent it in the diagram the way we do, because we want to show that
the commit histories from both branches are intact. Git still keeps the 
information regarding the parents, and allows the user to use the
'git show <commit ID>' to check for changes between a commit and its parent.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Auto merging saves time when the code is fairly similar with different 
parts being worked on at the same time. If different parts are worked on, 
then there shouldn't be many conflicts during the merge. Manual merging,
though, will require more time to put the code together, and to check
the sections of code for differences, which can be tedious, time consuming, 
and the changes can be easy to miss. 
Manually merging is useful for conflicts, though, because we can pick and choose
which parts of the code we need, don't need, or need to rewrite. Sometimes
the code is so similar it is quite easy to fix a conflict, but it's best for
us to do it, rather git, because we wouldn't want to try to figure out what
went wrong with our code if git started deleting what it thought wasn't needed.